Hello everyone, I am Soni Chauhan, your
financial advisor. I am talking about Policy Hub's
YouTube 2 plan. The highlight of this video will be
some of the features of this plan
which are quite unique in the market, such as
unlimited sum insured.
Considering the rising medical costs, we should
take a health insurance plan
that provides us with unlimited sum insured. Imagine there is
no limit on your medical expenses, whatever it is, everything is covered.
Sounds amazing, right? That is, no matter what
amount of claim comes, the company
covers all your expenses including sum insured. In today's
video, we will learn in depth about IIC's Elevate plan.
Before starting the video, those who have
not subscribed to our channel, please do so. So,
let's know
about the specifications of the plan. Under this plan, the
company provides coverage ranging from Rs 5 lakh to unlimited sum insured.
Talking about the entry age for adults, the minimum
is 18 years and the maximum is 125 years. Whereas if
we talk about children,  They are covered along
with their parents
on a floater basis from 91 days to a maximum of 30 years.
Talking about the plan type, you
can take this plan on an individual basis, multi-individual basis and family floater basis.
Talking about its policy turn, you
can pay the premium for one year, two years and three years together. Talking about the cover type,
under this plan, a
maximum of three kits can be covered along with the husband and wife on a floater basis.
Let us focus on the
basic features of the plan.
First is your inpatient
hospitalization. To make any claim, it is
compulsory for us to be admitted in the hospital for a minimum of 24 hours.
All the expenses after hospitalization, be it your room rent,
ICU charges, doctor's fees,
cost of medicines etc. or expenses of diagnostics etc., the
company
covers all those expenses for you summarily. Talking about the room rent, there is
no limit on the room in this plan, that is, the customer can claim any  You can
take a room of category B. There is no limit
of any kind on IO charges also in this plan.
The company covers all the expenses up to
sum in short. Day care
treatment: In this plan, the company
also covers day care expenses for you sum in short.
Nowadays, technology is so advanced
that for some surgeries, we do not need to be hospitalized for 24 hours or
more,
such as hernia,
stone, cataract.
Due to advancement in technology, the time of their surgery is
completed within 24 hours. So,
all these surgeries
are also covered for you sum in short. Talking about pre and post
hospitalization, in this plan the
company provides 90 days pre
hospitalization and 180
days post hospitalization.
Next is your organ donor in future. If
in any situation a person needs an organ
transplant, then the company
covers all the expenses of the organ donor for you sum in short. Similarly, if we cover the second
hospitalization  If the person's
condition is not such that he should be
taken to the hospital or if the bed is
not available in the hospital, then the person can get his treatment
at home under the supervision of an MBBS doctor, the
company will cover all the expenses for which through a
sum shot. But there is a condition in this
that it is compulsory for the customer to take treatment for a minimum of 72 hours
and this secondary
hospitalization will be
settled on your reimbursement basis. The company also covers AYUSH treatment for
you through a sum shot here.
Whatever treatments you have like Ayurvedic, Unani Siddha and
Homeopathy, the
company will cover all of them up to a sum shot.
Talking about modern treatments, all the
modern treatments or robotic surgeries are
covered by the company under this plan. Next is your reset
benefit. Some companies call it restoration
benefit, some companies
call it recharge benefit. So let us know
what is reset benefit and how it
impacts your claim.
After the basic sum shot is over, if a
person is treated again at the same time  If there is a
need to make a claim during the period, then the company
provides a claim equal to the base sum shot,
which you can avail unlimited times
and this restoration benefit will
work on your related and unrelated diseases.
You do not have to pay any extra premium for the recharge benefit in this plan,
this is an inbuilt feature of the company. Next is
your guaranteed cumulate bonus. In this plan, the
company provides you a bonus of 20% off the base sum shot every year in the claim-free year,
which is increased by a maximum of 100%, that is, a
sum in shot of Rs 10 lakh will become Rs 20 lakh after 5 years. The
guaranteed cumulate
bonus here is unique because
its bonus does not reduce on making a claim.
What happens in other plans, if we make a claim, then the
ratio at which our bonus was being received will
also reduce, but in this
plan your bonus will not reduce, it will be
fixed. In this plan, the
company covers the actual cost of the ambulance, that is,
any  If
you take an ambulance in case of an emergency, the
company covers all its expenses.
Under this plan, the company
also covers the expenses of the surrogate mother
if the person is receiving inpatient treatment.
In the case of a surrogate mother, the company covers expenses up to Rs 5 lakh. The
company also covers inpatient treatment and side donors for up to Rs 5 lakh.
Talking about wellness benefits,
under this plan, you can avail a
renewal discount of up to 30% at the time of renewal.
You do
n't have to do much to avail the discount; the company has an app.
If you complete the steps on a daily basis
or maintain your health, the
company provides a discount of up to 30% on that basis,
which you
can avail on annual renewal. Now
we will discuss the plan's optional covers.
Within this plan, the company
provides you with many optional riders,
which the customer can choose according to their needs.  You can
totally modify it.
First is your
policy. You
can claim unlimited sum inshot once in the lifetime of the policy.
For example, if a person has
taken a sum inshot of Rs 10 lakh and his first claim is
of Rs 70 lakh in any major
problem or in any situation, then the
company will
settle his claim of Rs 70 lakh in full. Not even a single rupee will go from the customer's pocket.
You
can avail this benefit in the first two years of the policy.
If you want to avail this benefit after two years, it
is not possible. In future, if you
use this benefit, this benefit will be
removed from your policy and your premium will be
modified. Second is your Power
Booster. This is an enhanced version of Guaranteed Sum Inshot.
In this, the company will provide you a bonus of 100%
of sum inshot every year, whether
you make a claim or not, and it will
increase up to a maximum unlimited sum inshot, that is, there is
no end to it.  As long as you
continue with the policy, you will continue to receive bonuses, enhancing
your coverage.
If a person has had
hypertension, diabetes,
hyperlipidemia, obesity, asthma, or
PTCA (Coronary Angioplasty) before purchasing the policy, then by availing
this benefit, the customer can reduce the
three-year waiting period for their pre-existing disease to
30 days.
Next is your maternity benefit.
In this, the company provides you three benefits. First,
maternity expense. In this, the
company covers delivery expenses,
minimum 10 per cent off summation and maximum up to 1
lakh. Second,
your newborn baby cover. If your
newborn baby is hospitalized, the
company covers twin summation costs.
Next is your BeFit
benefit. In this, the company covers your OPD expenses
such as physical consultation,
routine diagnostic and minor procedures,
pharmacy, physiotherapy sessions, counseling,
diet and nutrition, and consultation.
You can avail the benefit of this.
Next is your claim product on a cashless basis. The
company covers up to a sum of the consumer bill items listed in List 1.
Inflation
product: Due to the increase in inflation rate every year, the
company
also increases your coverage according to the inflation rate.
Domestic Air Ambulance: In this, the company
covers the actual cost of the air ambulance.
Conveyance Benefit: In this, if a person is
hospitalized for 10 consecutive days or more, then the company
provides a fixed allowance of ₹20,000. You
can also avail nursing at home benefit under this plan. If a person is being
discharged, then
after discharge, if you are taking any nursing benefit
at home, then the company will
cover its cost for a maximum of 10 days according to ₹2,000 per day. The
next optional benefit is your
compassionate visit. If a person goes to another city for the purpose of travel
or work
and faces any
problem there due to which they are
hospitalized.  If the patient is hospitalized for five consecutive days
or more, and
someone from their family
comes to meet them, the company will cover the immediate air and
train costs of up to Rs 20,000.
You
can also take a health checkup rider under this plan. The
company provides cashless health checkups on a yearly basis, which you
can book through PAP. The next optional
benefit is your critical illness. If you avail this
benefit, if any of these future listed
critical illnesses is
diagnosed, the company pays the cost equal to the base sum assured
or up to a maximum of Rs 50 lakh to the
nominee or their family.
You can also take a personal accident rider under this plan. The
next optional
rider is your voluntary copayment. Under this plan, the
company provides copayment riders of Rs 10, Rs 20, Rs 30, Rs 40 and a
maximum of Rs 50,
which the customer can choose according to his need.  You
can reduce your premium and
next is your dependent
accommodation benefit. If a person is
hospitalized due to illness or injury
and a dependent is staying with them
in the hospital, then the company provides a maximum benefit of 10 days to that
dependent according to ₹000 per day.
Under this plan, you
can also take a rider for durable medical equipment.
The company also covers the cost of all your durable medical equipment like C-PAP machine, B-PAP machine, ventilator, wheelchair etc. You can
also take a rider for unlimited teleconsultation under this plan. You can
consult through your general physicians etc.
related to any disease. The next optional
rider is you
can modify the room. In this, the company provides you three
options. First is any room.
Second is twin sharing room. Third is yours. If
a person has taken a sum of Rs 7.5 lakh or less, then there is a
room charge of Rs 1 lakh.  There will be a limit of Rs. 1000 per month
and a limit of Rs. 2000 per sum in shot will be applicable on ICU.
Talking about waiting periods,
your accidental expenses are
covered from day one. The company imposes an initial waiting period of
30 days, which means that all
seasonal or major diseases like dengue,
malaria, cancer, heart attack, etc.
are covered after 30 days. Any
specific disease that you have is covered by the company after two years,
such as stone, cataract,
hernia, piles, hip and joint replacement,
gyno-related issues for ladies, etc. These
are covered after two years. Before taking the policy,
if the person has any pre-
existing disease like asthma, diabetes,
hypertension, the company covers all these diseases
after three years. If we
talk about maternity expenses, then the company
imposes a waiting period of two years in that too. This
was an overview of the plan. If you have
any doubt or query related to the plan,
then contact on the details given below
and  If you like my video then please
like, share and
subscribe. I will see you
in the next video. Thank you
[Music]